c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\RedisExercise.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\RedisExercise.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\RedisExercise.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\obj\Debug\RedisExercise.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\obj\Debug\RedisExercise.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\obj\Debug\RedisExercise.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RedisExercise\RedisExercise\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
